NXDOC-2668: Release and upgrade notes for 2021.54 (#2244)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-content: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/administration/maintenance/hotfixes-installation-notes-for-nuxeo-platform-lts-2021.md

If you have any questions, feel free to contact our support team via a dedicated support ticket.

## Hotfix 54

### Use Keycloak Auth After Automation Basic Auth in Specific Auth Chains

Now when doing automation or rest calls, Automation basic auth precedes Keycloak auth. This brings change to the response status codes to expect.

> These have been documented in [the Nuxeo Keycloak documentation](https://doc.nuxeo.com/nxdoc/nuxeo-keycloak/#nuxeokeycloak-automation-and-rest-api-status-code-specifications) alongside with a [sample xml contrib to reverse back the auth plugins order to the older state\|nxdoc/nuxeo-keycloak/#sample-contribution-to-change-the-authentication-pluginsand39-order-overriding-the-keycloak-packages-contribution].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These have been documented in [the Nuxeo Keycloak documentation]({{page page='nuxeo-keycloak'}}#nuxeokeycloak-automation-and-rest-api-status-code-specifications) alongside with a [sample xml contrib]({{page page='nuxeo-keycloak'}}#sample-contribution-to-change-the-authentication-pluginsand39-order-overriding-the-keycloak-packages-contribution) to reverse back the auth plugins order to the older state.
```
